Docs changes for Hadoop FS default (#23366)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/object-storage.md

(file-system-configuration)=
## Configuration

By default, no file system is selected for your catalog. You must select and
configure one of the following properties to determine the support for different

> file systems in the catalog. Each catalog can only use one file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file systems in the catalog. Each catalog can only use one file system support.
```

:::{list-table} File system support properties
:widths: 35, 65
:header-rows: 1

* - Property
  - Description
* - `fs.native-azure.enabled`
  - Activate the [native implementation for Azure Storage
    support](/object-storage/file-system-azure). Defaults to `false`.
* - `fs.native-gcs.enabled`
  - Activate the [native implementation for Google Cloud Storage
    support](/object-storage/file-system-gcs). Defaults to `false`.
* - `fs.native-s3.enabled`
  - Activate the [native implementation for S3 storage
    support](/object-storage/file-system-s3). Defaults to `false`.
* - `fs.hadoop.enabled`

>   - Activate the [legacy libraries and implementation based on the

Reviewer: we should link to hdfs and all legacy pages here

(file-system-configuration)=
## Configuration

> By default, no file system is selected for your catalog. You must select and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, no file system support is activated for your catalog. You must select and
```

configure one of the following properties to determine the support for different
file systems in the catalog. Each catalog can only use one file system support.

:::{list-table} File system support properties
:widths: 35, 65
:header-rows: 1

* - Property
  - Description
* - `fs.native-azure.enabled`
  - Activate the [native implementation for Azure Storage
    support](/object-storage/file-system-azure). Defaults to `false`.
* - `fs.native-gcs.enabled`
  - Activate the [native implementation for Google Cloud Storage
    support](/object-storage/file-system-gcs). Defaults to `false`.
* - `fs.native-s3.enabled`
  - Activate the [native implementation for S3 storage
    support](/object-storage/file-system-s3). Defaults to `false`.
* - `fs.hadoop.enabled`

>   - Activate the [HDFS support](/object-storage/file-system-hdfs) or [legacy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Activate [support for HDFS](/object-storage/file-system-hdfs) and [legacy
```

* - Property
  - Description
* - `fs.hadoop.enabled`
  - Activate the [legacy libraries and implementation based on the

>     Hadoop](file-system-legacy) ecosystem. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: Suggest moving this down to the bottom of the list since we want to discourage its use
